c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\bin\Debug\Operating System.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\bin\Debug\Operating System.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\bin\Debug\Operating System.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\bin\Debug\Operating System.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.Boot.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.start_menu.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.support.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\bin\Debug\Operating System.exe.manifest
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\bin\Debug\Operating System.application
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.exe.manifest
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating System.application
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.Login.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.Power_Options.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.BTN.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.Login_Wait.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Operating System\Operating System\obj\Debug\Operating_System.Browser.resources
